1.List is used to collect items that usually consist of elements of multiple data types. An array is also a vital component that collects several items of the same data type. List cannot manage arithmetic operations. Array can manage arithmetic operations.
2.The following are the properties of the binary trees:
The minimum number of nodes at height h : ...
The maximum number of nodes at height h : ...
Total number of leaf nodes: ...
The maximum number of nodes at any level: ...
Minimum possible height or levels is equal to Log2(N+1):
3.Solution Steps
Perform inorder traversal of tree1 and store each node's value in arr1.
Perform inorder traversal of tree2 and store each node's value in arr2.
Combine arr1 and arr2 using merge function of merge sort to create result array.
Return result array.
4.In computer science, a heap is a specialized tree-based data structure which is essentially an almost complete tree that satisfies the heap property: in a max heap, for any given node C, if P is a parent node of C, then the key (the value) of P is greater than or equal to the key of C.In computer science, a heap is a specialized tree-based data structure which is essentially an almost complete tree that satisfies the heap property: in a max heap, for any given node C, if P is a parent node of C, then the key (the value) of P is greater than or equal to the key of C.
5.Hash map is a widely used efficient data structure that used to store data which can be searched in constant time O(1) . It is also referred as hash table, unordered map, dictionary, hash set and others. This data structure is implemented over an array that maps keys to values.
6.Time complexity is the time taken by the algorithm to execute each set of instructions. It is always better to select the most efficient algorithm when a simple problem can solve with different methods. Space complexity is usually referred to as the amount of memory consumed by the algorithm.
7.Recursive functions use something called “the call stack.” When a program calls a function, that function goes on top of the call stack. This is similar to a stack of books. You add things one at a time. Then, when you are ready to take something off, you always take off the top item.Sort a stack using another stack
push(s, x): Insert a new element to the stack.
pop(s): Remove the top element from the stack.
top(s): Return the top element from the stack.
isEmpty(s): check whether the 
